three very beautiful people from
televisions most popular show barrier
chill up there welcome to Bollywood now
thank you very much handsome thanks I
give you the complex okay so you guys
are enjoying the after body so how you
feeling well we've just walked in to be
hoping to get started the air
conditioning is good and I just thought
you yeah actually shaving razor a seize
on but hlep days were not the popular
show on television and you are the power
of it so I mean it is achieving lot of
award what is like going in your mind
maybe it's popular for you and me I
don't know whether in the country it is
my mom loved it and awards I mean
everywhere I go for events all over the
country people love it but I don't know
to the TLC then I was not coming away so
I don't know something's wrong somewhere
very very proud of the show it's way too
darling her beats missing like he's
missing today darling happy has a call
it an early night he was like I'm really
tired and hungry never seen you in such
a beautiful avatar man you're looking
absolutely gorgeous
thank you so much where's the sari from
oh it's actually a gift to my mom many
many years back she doesn't read it I
wore it so yeah and we have always seen
you very tough and macho inverted
silicon same as you here sedan right
different actually it's not the same so
what are plans for the party tonight
nothing really just to like just chill
out you know have no humid weather of
mermaids just to calm down relax chill
meet people say hi
which we don't get to do in our everyday
shooting life so if some other hitting
so what all plans I mean what all change
in a wardrobe I think the minute winter
is over what Bombay winter is two months
I live in shorts and mal mal that that's
the summer wardrobe until like the rainy
season gets over October gets over
November get so then the jeans come back
so it's a white linen pajamas I love
little and of course shorts and Ganges I
can't I can't do so many clothes during
this weather like really god I wish it
did not say formal for this event I
would have come in shorts and country so
much for girls are nobody asked about
guys are so Corinne del prete could
otherwise just let in shorts and Ganges
and lots of deodorants lovely talking to
you guys thank you so much wrong to
Bollywood now hi this is Mona and please
subscribe to Bollywood now